(HARD ROCK MUSIC)
♪ IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE DAYS
WHEN YOU DON'T WANT TO WAKE UP ♪
♪ EVERYTHING IS,
EVERYBODY SUCKS ♪
♪ YOU DON'T REALLY KNOW WHY ♪
♪ BUT YOU WANT TO JUSTIFY
SOMEONE'S HEAD OFF ♪
♪ NO HUMAN CONTACT ♪
♪ AND IF YOU INTERACT,
YOUR LIFE IS ON CONTRACT ♪
♪ YOUR BEST BET IS TO
STAY AWAY ♪
♪ IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE DAYS ♪
♪ IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
HE-SAYS, SHE-SAYS BULL ♪
♪ I THINK YOU BETTER
QUIT, LETTING IT SLIP ♪
♪ OR YOU'LL BE LEAVING
WITH A FAT LIP ♪
♪ IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
HE-SAYS, SHE-SAYS BULL ♪
♪ I THINK YOU BETTER
QUIT, TALKING THAT ♪
♪ IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE DAYS,
FEELING LIKE A FREIGHT TRAIN ♪
♪ FIRST ONE TO COMPLAIN
LEAVES WITH A BLOODSTAIN ♪
♪ DAMN RIGHT I'M A MANIAC ♪
♪ YOU BETTER WATCH YOUR BACK ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M
UP YOUR PROGRAM ♪
♪ AND THEN YOUR STUCK UP ♪
♪ YOU JUST LUCKED UP ♪
♪ NEXT IN LINE TO GET UP ♪
♪ YOUR BEST BET IS TO
STAY AWAY ♪
♪ IT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE DAYS ♪
♪ IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
HE-SAYS, SHE-SAYS BULL ♪
♪ I THINK YOU BETTER
QUIT LET THE SLIP ♪
♪ OR YOU'LL BE LEAVING
WITH A FAT LIP ♪
♪ IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
HE-SAYS, SHE-SAYS BULL ♪
♪ I THINK YOU BETTER QUIT ♪
♪ TALKING THAT ♪
♪ PUNK ♪
♪ SO COME AND GET IT ♪
♪ I FEEL LIKE ♪
♪ MY SUGGESTION IS TO
KEEP YOUR DISTANCE ♪
♪ CAUSE RIGHT NOW
I'M DANGEROUS ♪
♪ WE'VE ALL FELT LIKE ♪
♪ AND BEEN TREATED LIKE ♪
♪ ALL THOSE MOTHER ♪
♪ THAT WANT TO STEP UP ♪
♪ I HOPE YOU KNOW,
I PACK A CHAINSAW ♪
♪ I'LL YOUR ASS RAW ♪
♪ AND IF MY DAY KEEPS GOING
THIS WAY, I JUST MIGHT ♪
♪ BREAK SOMETHING TONIGHT ♪
♪ I PACK A CHAINSAW ♪
♪ I'LL YOUR ASS RAW ♪
♪ AND IF MY DAY KEEPS GOING
THIS WAY, I JUST MIGHT ♪
♪ BREAK SOMETHING TONIGHT ♪
♪ I PACK A CHAINSAW ♪
♪ I'LL YOUR ASS RAW ♪
♪ AND IF MY DAY KEEPS GOING
THIS WAY, I JUST MIGHT ♪
♪ BREAK YOUR, BREAK
YOUR FACE TONIGHT ♪
♪ GIVE ME SOMETHING TO BREAK ♪
♪ JUST GIVE ME
SOMETHING TO BREAK ♪
♪ HOW BOUT FACE? ♪
♪ I HOPE YOU KNOW,
I PACK A CHAINSAW ♪
♪ WHAT! ♪
♪ A CHAINSAW ♪
♪ SO COME AND GET IT ♪
♪ IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
HE-SAYS, SHE-SAYS BULL ♪
♪ I THINK YOU BETTER
QUIT, LET THE SLIP ♪
♪ OR YOU'LL BE LEAVING
WITH A FAT LIP ♪
♪ IT'S ALL ABOUT THE
HE-SAYS, SHE-SAYS BULL ♪
♪ I THINK YOU BETTER
QUIT, TALKING THAT ♪
♪ SO COME AND GET IT ♪